frontend/COLOR_GUIDE.md, before:

# SMB Finance OS Color Guide

## 🎨 Brand Color Palette

### Primary Colors
Our primary color palette is designed to convey **trust**, **stability**, and **growth** - essential qualities for a financial platform.

#### Primary Blue (`#3b82f6`)
- **Usage**: Main brand color, primary buttons, links, navigation
- **Meaning**: Trust, reliability, professionalism
- **Shades**: 50-900 for different contexts

#### Success Green (`#22c55e`)
- **Usage**: Positive actions, success states, financial growth
- **Meaning**: Growth, prosperity, positive outcomes
- **Shades**: 50-900 for different contexts

#### Warning Orange (`#f59e0b`)
- **Usage**: Alerts, important notices, payment reminders
- **Meaning**: Attention, caution, important information
- **Shades**: 50-900 for different contexts

#### Danger Red (`#ef4444`)
- **Usage**: Errors, critical alerts, negative actions
- **Meaning**: Error, danger, critical information
- **Shades**: 50-900 for different contexts

### Neutral Colors
Professional grays for text, backgrounds, and UI elements.

#### Neutral Gray (`#64748b`)
- **Usage**: Body text, secondary information
- **Shades**: 50-900 for different contexts

### Accent Colors
Specialized colors for specific features and states.

#### Purple (`#8b5cf6`)
- **Usage**: Premium features, enterprise options
- **Meaning**: Premium, exclusive, advanced

#### Teal (`#06b6d4`)
- **Usage**: Professional services, consulting features
- **Meaning**: Professional, expert, specialized

#### Amber (`#f59e0b`)
- **Usage**: Payment processing, financial transactions
- **Meaning**: Money, transactions, financial

#### Emerald (`#10b981`)
- **Usage**: Success states, positive confirmations
- **Meaning**: Success, completion, positive

## 🎯 Usage Guidelines

### Buttons
```css
/* Primary Action */
.btn-primary { @apply bg-primary-600 hover:bg-primary-700; }

/* Secondary Action */
.btn-secondary { @apply bg-neutral-100 hover:bg-neutral-200; }

/* Success Action */
.btn-success { @apply bg-success-600 hover:bg-success-700; }

/* Warning Action */
.btn-warning { @apply bg-warning-600 hover:bg-warning-700; }
```

### Forms
```css
/* Default Input */
.input-brand { @apply border-neutral-300 focus:ring-primary-500; }

/* Success Input */
.input-success { @apply border-success-300 focus:ring-success-500; }

/* Warning Input */
.input-warning { @apply border-warning-300 focus:ring-warning-500; }

/* Error Input */
.input-danger { @apply border-danger-300 focus:ring-danger-500; }
```

### Status Indicators
```css
/* Success Status */
.status-success { @apply bg-success-100 text-success-800; }

/* Warning Status */
.status-warning { @apply bg-warning-100 text-warning-800; }

/* Error Status */
.status-danger { @apply bg-danger-100 text-danger-800; }

/* Neutral Status */
.status-neutral { @apply bg-neutral-100 text-neutral-800; }
```

### Cards
```css
/* Default Card */
.card { @apply bg-white shadow-lg; }

/* Brand Card */
.card-brand { @apply card border-l-4 border-primary-500; }

/* Success Card */
.card-success { @apply card border-l-4 border-success-500; }

/* Warning Card */
.card-warning { @apply card border-l-4 border-warning-500; }
```

## 🌍 Cultural Considerations

### Global Markets
Our color choices consider cultural associations:

- **Blue**: Universally trusted in finance (banks, insurance)
- **Green**: Associated with money and growth globally
- **Orange**: Attention-grabbing without being aggressive
- **Red**: Used sparingly for critical alerts only

### Accessibility
- All color combinations meet WCAG AA contrast standards
- Color is never the only way to convey information
- Focus states are clearly visible
- Text remains readable in all color contexts

## 📱 Responsive Design

### Mobile Considerations
- Colors maintain consistency across screen sizes
- Touch targets use appropriate contrast
- Status indicators are clearly visible on small screens

### Dark Mode (Future)
- Color palette includes dark mode variants
- Maintains brand recognition in dark themes
- Accessibility standards preserved

## 🎨 Design Principles

### 1. Trust First
- Blue dominates to build confidence
- Clean, professional appearance
- No aggressive or flashy colors

### 2. Clear Hierarchy
- Primary blue for main actions
- Green for positive outcomes
- Orange for important notices
- Red for critical alerts

### 3. Consistent Application
- Same colors used across all features
- Predictable user experience
- Brand recognition maintained

### 4. Financial Focus
- Colors support financial context
- Professional appearance
- Appropriate for business users

## 🔧 Technical Implementation

### CSS Variables
```css
:root {
  --primary-500: #3b82f6;
  --success-500: #22c55e;
  --warning-500: #f59e0b;
  --danger-500: #ef4444;
}
```

### Tailwind Classes
```css
/* Available as utility classes */
.text-primary-600
.bg-success-500
.border-warning-300
.shadow-brand
```

### Component Classes
```css
/* Pre-built component styles */
.btn-primary
.input-brand
.card-success
.status-warning
```

## 📋 Color Checklist

### ✅ Brand Consistency
- [ ] Primary blue used for main actions
- [ ] Green for success states
- [ ] Orange for warnings
- [ ] Red for errors only
- [ ] Neutral grays for text and backgrounds

### ✅ Accessibility
- [ ] Sufficient contrast ratios
- [ ] Color not sole information method
- [ ] Focus states visible
- [ ] Text readable in all contexts

### ✅ User Experience
- [ ] Colors support user goals
- [ ] Consistent across features
- [ ] Appropriate for financial context
- [ ] Professional appearance maintained

## 🚀 Future Considerations

### Dark Mode
- Prepare color variants for dark themes
- Maintain brand recognition
- Preserve accessibility standards

### International Markets
- Consider cultural color associations
- Adapt for regional preferences
- Maintain global brand consistency

### Feature Expansion
- Plan colors for new features
- Maintain palette consistency
- Consider premium vs. standard features

---

*This color guide ensures consistent, professional, and trustworthy visual identity for SMB Finance OS across all platforms and markets.*

Commit message:

refactor: rename project from SMB Finance OS to Trident Financial OS
- Updated all instances of "SMB Finance OS" to "Trident Financial OS" across documentation, configuration files, and codebase.
- Adjusted repository URLs, email addresses, and branding elements to reflect the new project name.
- Enhanced README and color guide to align with the rebranding, ensuring consistency in messaging and visual identity.

frontend/COLOR_GUIDE.md, after:

# Trident Financial OS Color Guide

## 🎨 Brand Color Palette - Poseidon-inspired

### Primary Colors
Our primary color palette is designed to convey **ocean power**, **financial clarity**, and **treasure prosperity** - essential qualities for a financial platform inspired by Poseidon.

#### Primary Blue (`#3b82f6`)
- **Usage**: Main brand color, primary buttons, links, navigation
- **Meaning**: Trust, reliability, professionalism
- **Shades**: 50-900 for different contexts

#### Success Green (`#22c55e`)
- **Usage**: Positive actions, success states, financial growth
- **Meaning**: Growth, prosperity, positive outcomes
- **Shades**: 50-900 for different contexts

#### Warning Orange (`#f59e0b`)
- **Usage**: Alerts, important notices, payment reminders
- **Meaning**: Attention, caution, important information
- **Shades**: 50-900 for different contexts

#### Danger Red (`#ef4444`)
- **Usage**: Errors, critical alerts, negative actions
- **Meaning**: Error, danger, critical information
- **Shades**: 50-900 for different contexts

### Neutral Colors
Professional grays for text, backgrounds, and UI elements.

#### Neutral Gray (`#64748b`)
- **Usage**: Body text, secondary information
- **Shades**: 50-900 for different contexts

### Accent Colors
Specialized colors for specific features and states.

#### Purple (`#8b5cf6`)
- **Usage**: Premium features, enterprise options
- **Meaning**: Premium, exclusive, advanced

#### Teal (`#06b6d4`)
- **Usage**: Professional services, consulting features
- **Meaning**: Professional, expert, specialized

#### Amber (`#f59e0b`)
- **Usage**: Payment processing, financial transactions
- **Meaning**: Money, transactions, financial

#### Emerald (`#10b981`)
- **Usage**: Success states, positive confirmations
- **Meaning**: Success, completion, positive

## 🎯 Usage Guidelines

### Buttons
```css
/* Primary Action */
.btn-primary { @apply bg-primary-600 hover:bg-primary-700; }

/* Secondary Action */
.btn-secondary { @apply bg-neutral-100 hover:bg-neutral-200; }

/* Success Action */
.btn-success { @apply bg-success-600 hover:bg-success-700; }

/* Warning Action */
.btn-warning { @apply bg-warning-600 hover:bg-warning-700; }
```

### Forms
```css
/* Default Input */
.input-brand { @apply border-neutral-300 focus:ring-primary-500; }

/* Success Input */
.input-success { @apply border-success-300 focus:ring-success-500; }

/* Warning Input */
.input-warning { @apply border-warning-300 focus:ring-warning-500; }

/* Error Input */
.input-danger { @apply border-danger-300 focus:ring-danger-500; }
```

### Status Indicators
```css
/* Success Status */
.status-success { @apply bg-success-100 text-success-800; }

/* Warning Status */
.status-warning { @apply bg-warning-100 text-warning-800; }

/* Error Status */
.status-danger { @apply bg-danger-100 text-danger-800; }

/* Neutral Status */
.status-neutral { @apply bg-neutral-100 text-neutral-800; }
```

### Cards
```css
/* Default Card */
.card { @apply bg-white shadow-lg; }

/* Brand Card */
.card-brand { @apply card border-l-4 border-primary-500; }

/* Success Card */
.card-success { @apply card border-l-4 border-success-500; }

/* Warning Card */
.card-warning { @apply card border-l-4 border-warning-500; }
```

## 🌍 Cultural Considerations

### Global Markets
Our color choices consider cultural associations:

- **Blue**: Universally trusted in finance (banks, insurance)
- **Green**: Associated with money and growth globally
- **Orange**: Attention-grabbing without being aggressive
- **Red**: Used sparingly for critical alerts only

### Accessibility
- All color combinations meet WCAG AA contrast standards
- Color is never the only way to convey information
- Focus states are clearly visible
- Text remains readable in all color contexts

## 📱 Responsive Design

### Mobile Considerations
- Colors maintain consistency across screen sizes
- Touch targets use appropriate contrast
- Status indicators are clearly visible on small screens

### Dark Mode (Future)
- Color palette includes dark mode variants
- Maintains brand recognition in dark themes
- Accessibility standards preserved

## 🎨 Design Principles

### 1. Trust First
- Blue dominates to build confidence
- Clean, professional appearance
- No aggressive or flashy colors

### 2. Clear Hierarchy
- Primary blue for main actions
- Green for positive outcomes
- Orange for important notices
- Red for critical alerts

### 3. Consistent Application
- Same colors used across all features
- Predictable user experience
- Brand recognition maintained

### 4. Financial Focus
- Colors support financial context
- Professional appearance
- Appropriate for business users

## 🔧 Technical Implementation

### CSS Variables
```css
:root {
  --primary-500: #3b82f6;
  --success-500: #22c55e;
  --warning-500: #f59e0b;
  --danger-500: #ef4444;
}
```

### Tailwind Classes
```css
/* Available as utility classes */
.text-primary-600
.bg-success-500
.border-warning-300
.shadow-brand
```

### Component Classes
```css
/* Pre-built component styles */
.btn-primary
.input-brand
.card-success
.status-warning
```

## 📋 Color Checklist

### ✅ Brand Consistency
- [ ] Primary blue used for main actions
- [ ] Green for success states
- [ ] Orange for warnings
- [ ] Red for errors only
- [ ] Neutral grays for text and backgrounds

### ✅ Accessibility
- [ ] Sufficient contrast ratios
- [ ] Color not sole information method
- [ ] Focus states visible
- [ ] Text readable in all contexts

### ✅ User Experience
- [ ] Colors support user goals
- [ ] Consistent across features
- [ ] Appropriate for financial context
- [ ] Professional appearance maintained

## 🚀 Future Considerations

### Dark Mode
- Prepare color variants for dark themes
- Maintain brand recognition
- Preserve accessibility standards

### International Markets
- Consider cultural color associations
- Adapt for regional preferences
- Maintain global brand consistency

### Feature Expansion
- Plan colors for new features
- Maintain palette consistency
- Consider premium vs. standard features

---

*This color guide ensures consistent, professional, and trustworthy visual identity for Trident Financial OS across all platforms and markets.*
